Dev update 85 (#126)
tari-project/tari-dot-com: _updates/2022-08-05-update-85.md

---
layout: update
tag: Developer Update
date: 2022-08-05
author: stanimal
thumbnail: update-background.jpg
title: Stealth addresses for non-interactive payments
class: subpage
---

> This week we have a brief demonstration video of [Stealth Addresses for Non-Interactive Payments](./2022-08-01-update-84.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tari has supported one-sided payments for some time. This allows someone to send funds across the Tari network without needing the recipient to be online. The downside to this was the that receiver's public key is visible on the blockchain; a knock on privacy.

To deal with this, Tari [recently introduced](https://github.com/tari-project/tari/pull/4310) support for [stealth addresses](./2022-08-01-update-84.md). Now you get the best of both worlds: Non-interactive payments AND randomised payment addresses.

See them in action in this short video!
```

> [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=](https://youtu.be/pqEYZKCQJzo)
```
